teapushh/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

Update server.js to add color to ASCII art and update package.json

teapushh/README.md, after:

# ASCII Art Generator

This is a simple Node.js application that uses `figlet` to convert text into ASCII art.

## Getting Started

First, run the server:


npm start


Open [http://localhost:3000/?text=YourTextHere](http://localhost:3000/?text=YourTextHere) with your browser to see the result. Replace `YourTextHere` with any text you want to convert to ASCII art.

## How It Works

You can start editing the server behavior by modifying `server.js`. The server auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses `express` for handling HTTP requests and `figlet` for generating ASCII art from text.

## Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used in this project, take a look at the following resources:

- [Express Documentation](https://expressjs.com/) - learn about Express features and API.
- [Figlet NPM Package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/figlet) - learn more about the `figlet` library.

## Contributions

Feel free to check out the project repository and contribute. Your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploying Your Application

For deploying your Node.js application, you can use platforms like [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) or [DigitalOcean](https://www.digitalocean.com/).

Check out the [Node.js deployment documentation](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/guides/getting-started-guide/) for more details.
